Kate Minette                  Quantitative Reasoning                      dec 1

1. by looking back at past examples of when we used these techniques and what they accomplished,
    for example if you are trying to find out if you need to use a for loop or a while
    loop you can look back at what situation you used them in and how it applies to
    what you are doing. It also helps by keeping what you are trying to do in your mind,
    by understanding what you are trying to do it makes it easy to understand
    the steps you need to take to accomplish your goal. It also helps if you keep
    the problems that you are trying to solve small, so it's easy to understand.
    if you keep your problems small it makes it easy to make small steps and keep testing
    things.

2. There are lots of ways to communicate your ideas to other programmers. in the
    code you can add comments to help others understand just by looking at your code.
    Just like comments naming your variables and functions in an appropriate way
    makes it much easier to understand your code. For example if you had a function
    that makes a sprite walk, you should name it something like sprite_walking.
    You can also communicate what your code does with others by writing about it
    and explaining what your thoughts are


3. You can test and evaluate your code in lots of ways. By putting your code in different
    scenarios to see if your code will work correctly no matter what It's trying to do.
    In the event that your code doesn't work it helps to understand what went wrong
    and if you don't know how to find out. Understanding what different errors mean is
    an easy way to figure out how to fix your code. To avoid errors in general try
    running your code periodically, so you can catch the errors as soon as possible.
    If you don't understand and can't figure it out the error you can consult with other people
    and get impute from them, even if your code is working it could be helpful to
    consult with others because they might think of scenarios that you had not considered.


4. by using numerical methods you often limit yourself to only looking at statistics.
   Like defining a student only by their gpa, you don't get the full picture of
   what kind of student they are. By only looking at numerical methods there is no
   context for what is happening. if you only look at an athletes' statistics you don't
   look at how they interact with the team and how they affect the others. By using
   only numerical methods you are ignoring lots of other factors.


